---
title: Bonjour, Monde!
category: writing
excerpt: New site, new post

banner:
- size: 2560
  url: /assets/writing/placeholders/placeholder-2560x1440.png
- size: 1280
  url: /assets/writing/placeholders/placeholder-1280x720.png
- size: 640
  url: /assets/writing/placeholders/placeholder-640x360.png
- size: 320
  url: /assets/writing/placeholders/placeholder-320x180.png
---

<p class="lede”>“This is the year</p>

Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum tortor quam, feugiat vitae, ultricies eget, tempor sit amet, ante. Donec eu libero sit amet quam egestas semper. Aenean ultricies mi vitae est. Mauris placerat eleifend leo.


## Past? What past?

While working on this site, I stumbled across [Paul Stamatiou’s personal site](http://paulstamatiou.com/) and his recent post about [having blogged for 10 years](http://paulstamatiou.com/10-years-blogging/).

It’s humbling to look through his archive and find almost half a lifetime of work. And when I compare it to the same ten years of my life, what do I have to show for it? Many learnings, some writing, but mostly social media nonsense and wasted time.

I’ve also been a longtime fan of Julie Zhuo, Product Design VP at Facebook. Her blog, [*The Year of the Looking Glass*](https://medium.com/the-year-of-the-looking-glass), combines smart design writing with insight and wit.https://medium.com/the-year-of-the-looking-glass.

At the start of *TYotLG*, she wrote this passage:

> Nothing is inevitable in the looming new year, and the month is nothing if not ripe for sober proclamations and hand-to-heart resolutions. Here’s mine: write. Write about the lessons now so familiar they can be recited in your sleep. Write about the insights not yet sighted, their silhouettes blurry like the edges of a distant shore. Write about the job, the joy and chaos of designing and building. Write at least once a week. Write to learn how to write, and write to understand, **the process itself like a looking glass through which you may yet discover a strange new world.** Write so something meaningful can be said to others. Write to be accountable, write with honesty. Above all, write to preserve the scrap of an age, a voice; write so you won’t forget.

The emphasis is mine. The poetry is hers.

Such a simple premise: write something new every week… and in the process, discover oneself. At the end of her first year—and she has kept blogging ever since—Zhuo wrote this, “The looking glass did more than just mirror back my life. Through it, I gained a deeper understanding of what and why and how I was thinking.”

## What’s next?

So let’s go on the same journey. For the next year, I am going to [try] to write something new every week. I can promise you that it won’t be as interesting or well-spoken. If you reread the above passage as many times as I have, it should be clear to you that Julie has an innate talent for storytelling. By contrast, *my* first few posts are going to be rough stuff.

But I won’t be doing this because it’s New Year’s Eve, because I’m depressed, or because I’m looking for direction. My reason to keep going week-to-week will be because I’m truly bad at this.

You can become a better designer by learning new programs or how to code, but this year I want to improve two “soft skills,” as well:

1. Public speaking, which I can practice at my [day job](http://www.blizzard.com).
2. Writing, which I can work on here.

On June 25th, 2017, we’ll see how far I got.